# W6 (19/03/2024) meeting notes

## TODO:
- Add sprint review to the agendas (due: 26/03/2024)
- Decide on a system for MRs (due: ~20/03/2024)
- Make more granular milestones (due: 26/03/2024)
- Decide how to use DTOs (due: ~20/03/2024)
- Fix the issues we have currently before implementing new features (due: ~20/03/2024)
- Add BIC to participants (due: ~20/03/2024)

## Workflow for this week:
- Fix the issues we have currently before implementing
- Connect the different components of the app to work together
- Finish the basic requirements

## Decisions:
- Discussions: Use gitlab discussions for MRs, not discord
- Make templates for MRs
- Use both time spent and weights

## Updates:
- Most of the components should be working, but they need to be connected
- We have a product presentation next week, use PowerPoint/Slides

## Q&A:
- Should we have weekly milestones?
  > Not necessarily, but it's a good idea to have a clear overview of what needs to be done until the end of the project
- Should DTOs have public fields?
  > Check the lectures
- Are we fine?
  > Yes, we're
- Should we keep null values?
 > No, we should also have checks for that

## Other notes:
- HCI Assigment
- Code freeze Week 9 Friday 23:59
- Week 7 product feedback
- Use @Controller and @Service annotations